{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \{\
	\'93questions\'94 : [\
 	   \{\
\
	\'93Q1\'94 : \'93Will you break the rules to help a friend? a) yes b) no c) maybe d) get lost\'94,\
	\'93Q2\'94 : \'93How do you describe yourself? a)brave b) timid, c)superstar d) best of the best\'94,\
	\'93Q3\'94 : \'93If you see a deatheater, what will you do? a) fight b) run c) get help d)run like crazy\'94,\
	\'93Q4\'94 : \'93 Given the choice, would you rather invent a potion that would guarantee you? a) glory b) wisdom c) love d) power\'94,\
	\'93Q5\'94 : \'93 How would you like to be known in history a) The Wise b) The Good c) The bold d) The great\'94,\
	\'93Q6\'94 : \'93 What kind of instrument most pleases the ear? a) Violin b) Drums c) Piano d) Trumpet \'94,\
	\'93Q7\'94 : \'93Which of the falling do you find most difficult to deal with? a) Hunger b) Cold c) Boredom  d) Being ignored\'94,\
	\'93Q8\'94 : \'94Which Would you rather be? a) Trusted b) Liked c) Envied d) Imitated\'94,\
	\'93Q9\'94 : \'93Which road tempts you the most? a) The wide, sunny, grassy lane b) the narrow, dark, lantern-lit alley, c) The cobbled street lined with ancient buildings d) none\'94 \
	\'93Q10\'94 : \'93If you could have any power, which would you choose?\'94 a) The power to read minds b) The power of invisibility c) The power of superhuman strength d) The power to change the past\
             \}\
    ]\
\}\
}